Update README.md (#3192)
ripienaar/free-for-dev: README.md

  * [atomist.com](https://atomist.com/) — A quicker and more convenient way to automate various development tasks. Now in beta.
  * [Bridgecrew](https://bridgecrew.io/) — Infrastructure as code (IaC) security powered by the open source tool - [Checkov](https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov). The core Bridgecrew platform is free for up to 50 IaC resources.
  * [cloudsploit.com](https://cloudsploit.com/) — Amazon Web Services (AWS) security and compliance auditing and monitoring

>   * [Public Cloud Threat Intelligence](https://cloudintel.himanshuanand.com/) — High confidence Indecator of Compromise(IOC) targeting public cloud infrastructure, A portian is available on github (https://github.com/unknownhad/AWSAttacks). Full list is avaibale via API

Author: ```suggestion
  * [Public Cloud Threat Intelligence](https://cloudintel.himanshuanand.com/) — High confidence Indicator of Compromise(IOC) targeting public cloud infrastructure, A portion is available on github (https://github.com/unknownhad/AWSAttacks). Full list is available via API
```
